release: v1.45.0 (#4962)
apollographql/router: .changesets/docs_press_finish_musket_reindeer.md

> ### [docs] Update caching with caveats ([PR #4872](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/4872))
> 
> Add some words about what the operation cache intentions are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Documentation updates for caching and metrics instruments ([PR #4872](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/4872))

Router documentation has been updated for a couple topics:
- [Performance improvements vs. stability concerns](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/router/configuration/in-memory-caching#performance-improvements-vs-stability) when using the router's operation cache
- [Overview of standard and custom metrics instruments](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/router/configuration/telemetry/instrumentation/instruments) 
 
```
